Hello, good evening, ready because
We make the press conference with letters
from córdoba to miroslav djukic directs her
your press head saturday romeros thank you
if the wood nails I wanted to know
a little his valuation of the party and of
his team highlights let's go in the
transmission that have made very few
faults I do not know if that's from your point of
sight is good or bad
the story had a minute
After a minute, the
story when you get against a team
like the barça
the 10 between minute 1 then the story
It has little history. Notice that you are
you have noticed
of few faults
of a few new ones you know this hurts me
I feel shame like that when when
I see
fucking mother that idl iniesta has more
aggression that it hurts me
these things with everything regarding iniesta
but we know that now it has
other qualities but as you say
we
we went out to ask for shirts to the boat before
of the game then let's go off and
let's go hit me myself I give myself
I'm even embarrassed when I see
that he
they greet you I'm sorry so
I'm sorry too
and I think that good
team people are also going to
feel what they will be
that is going to play on my computer notice that it's going
to play those that have eggs I will go to
second division but with warriors
the people who are going to have a knife in the
mouth may have no fucking idea
football but will have a knife in the
mouth if we do not have a knife
the little mouth we can do
in this fucking life as good powers
warrior you have to have something you have to
have something if you do not have anything then
five I already know that this is not our
party and that is not our party
against the barça
the automatisms things are acquired
against big teams that you me
you show what you are what what
you have to do and we have not
arrested to the height this hurts and
or we change this we're not going to any
side
live for radio station I do not know if
he told them something already having the first
part of his players if he has said it
now before coming here to the wheel of
press and because he believes that his players
they have had that attitude so little
competitive good why
we had to go forward and
we were asking for the autographs before
of the party taking the photos
this is camp nou
so
little pride little
you have to have it to win in this field
or compete well in this field you have to
have pride we have not had it today
hello good mixed coffee in no
moment you liked your team
football are 90 minutes our moments
what about me scores two goals to ball
stopped that has not marked anyone
to a stand-up ball down to us
if what we are hearing gives the sensation
that you are leaving
with the feeling that your team has made
he has made a fool of himself in the camp nou yes
yes I did not like anything I do not like goodbye
for me the attitude is the most important
that we have to have a lot of attitude
better than with a lot that is Barça and me
technical that can win me you can win
lose or tie but with doing more
things to be without having that people have
feeling that we have a hard team we see
a difficult team to beat
barceló made the half diesel
questions questions
he said last week that the screen
It was too big to be first
unique vision have less after the
performance of many players today
in your opinion there may have been
clean even greater
we 're going to see this, let's see this
one week left now and let's see
that you also know and are very
angry with his players and the coach
it's not any fault that's all clear
They are faithful reflections of their technical or is
it's not always, it's not that I'm a
phenomenon and they have done said
along with me so that is
this is easy is not that
and that I am a phenomenon and they have not
done well the things we have done a
tremendous awful ridiculous and that I do not
like the attitude we can run
against the barça this is normal
but the attitude we have to have a lot
more than much more aggressiveness much more
what
that the club if you want to do something
you have to have a double attitude
better than barça can not that the barça
have more attitude and effectively
this is my fault it is not
thank you alone